# DAO-Maker-Token
 Token.sol is a smart contract that manages a basic ERC20 token with functionalities such as transferring tokens, approving allowances, and querying balances. It allows users to perform standard token operations like minting, burning, and pausing the token. The contract also supports events for transfer and approval actions, enabling easy tracking of token activities.
 approve(address,uint256) :
See `IERC20.approve`.
      * Requirements:
      * - `spender` cannot be the zero address.
totalSupply() :
See `IERC20.totalSupply`.
transferFrom(address,address,uint256) :
See `IERC20.transferFrom`.
      * Emits an `Approval` event indicating the updated allowance. This is not
 required by the EIP. See the note at the beginning of `ERC20`;
      * Requirements:
 - `sender` and `recipient` cannot be the zero address.
 - `sender` must have a balance of at least `value`.
 - the caller must have allowance for `sender`'s tokens of at least
 `amount`.
decimals() :
Returns the number of decimals used to get its user representation.
 For example, if `decimals` equals `2`, a balance of `505` tokens should
 be displayed to a user as `5,05` (`505 / 10 ** 2`).
      * Tokens usually opt for a value of 18, imitating the relationship between
 Ether and Wei.
      * > Note that this information is only used for _display_ purposes: it in
 no way affects any of the arithmetic of the contract, including
 `IERC20.balanceOf` and `IERC20.transfer`.
increaseAllowance(address,uint256) :
Atomically increases the allowance granted to `spender` by the caller.
      * This is an alternative to `approve` that can be used as a mitigation for
 problems described in `IERC20.approve`.
      * Emits an `Approval` event indicating the updated allowance.
      * Requirements:
      * - `spender` cannot be the zero address.
burn(uint256) :
Destoys `amount` tokens from the caller.
      * See `ERC20._burn`.
balanceOf(address) :
See `IERC20.balanceOf`.
renounceOwnership() :
Leaves the contract without owner. It will not be possible to call
 `onlyOwner` functions anymore. Can only be called by the current owner.
      * > Note: Renouncing ownership will leave the contract without an owner,
 thereby removing any functionality that is only available to the owner.
burnFrom(address,uint256) :
See `ERC20._burnFrom`.
owner() :
Returns the address of the current owner.
isOwner() :
Returns true if the caller is the current owner.
symbol() :
Returns the symbol of the token, usually a shorter version of the
 name.
decreaseAllowance(address,uint256) :
Atomically decreases the allowance granted to `spender` by the caller.
      * This is an alternative to `approve` that can be used as a mitigation for
 problems described in `IERC20.approve`.
      * Emits an `Approval` event indicating the updated allowance.
      * Requirements:
      * - `spender` cannot be the zero address.
 - `spender` must have allowance for the caller of at least
 `subtractedValue`.
transfer(address,uint256) :
See `IERC20.transfer`.
      * Requirements:
      * - `recipient` cannot be the zero address.
 - the caller must have a balance of at least `amount`.
allowance(address,address) :
See `IERC20.allowance`.
transferOwnership(address) :
Transfers ownership of the contract to a new account (`newOwner`).
 Can only be called by the current owner.
changeName(string) :
This function changes the name of a contract and emits an event. Only the contract owner can call it.
 (autogenerated documentation)
name() :
This function returns the name of a contract as a string by accessing a private variable called _name.
 (autogenerated documentation)
